Add banner to documentation that announces beta release (#3569)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

# Datadog Ruby Trace Client

<div class="alert alert-info">

> <strong>Beta</strong>: dd-trace-rb v2.0.0.beta1 is now available! This major release includes breaking changes, such as renaming the gem to <code>datadog</code> and extracting the CI visibility component to the <code>datadog-ci</code> gem. Please try it out and provide feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Beta</strong>: dd-trace-rb v2.0.0.beta1 is now available! This major release includes breaking changes, such as renaming the gem to <code>datadog</code> and extracting the CI Visibility component to the <code>datadog-ci</code> gem. Try it out and provide us with feedback.
```

> <strong>Beta</strong>: dd-trace-rb v2.0.0.beta1 is now available! This major release includes breaking changes, such as renaming the gem to <code>datadog</code> and extracting the CI visibility component to the <code>datadog-ci</code> gem. Please try it out and provide feedback.

Reviewer 2: Should we perhaps link to https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-rb/blob/2.0/docs/UpgradeGuide2.md ?

Author: Good idea--added that in the latest commit. 👍
